This meditation, as I said, this is the most powerful and the most simple set and the most
kind of like pagan, ordinary, niri, Dzogchenese that yet is so powerful. For that reason, it needs
that lunch, lunch bed.
Lunch bed, what we use it for. And we don't have that lunch bed, because due to our habit of
the duality, we can spoil the talk to the teacher. We can spoil it. For that reason, lunch bed,
what we
discussed yesterday really, but basically you all know that lunch bed is needed. Lunch bed, that
lunch
bed is starting with yoga, bodhicitta, and purely understanding, devotions. That's all we need.
Again, we're talking of the devotions, and I know many people don't feel comfortable with the dev
otions,
many times. But what is really devotions generally? Postable devotion, as I said, it is joy and
appreciation, fear, preciousness, and trust. That is the one that devotion is. The greatest
kindness,
compassion teacher, Buddha Chaitanya Mune, actually divided this devotion into three parts, three
sections,
three kinds of devotions. So maybe that will bring a little more understanding to what you will be
talking of the devotions. First devotion is known as devotion of the interesting, interesting dev
otions.
Second devotion is known as desiring devotions. Third devotion is known as trusting devotions.
Those are three devotions. Everyone who comes here, they all have that interesting devotions.
What means enter as a devotee? Enter on that topic, enter instead of on the teaching. That,
actually, is the motivation, and it's according to the Buddha's teaching. That is devotion. Coming
to
the teaching, listening to the teaching, trying to explore, you have some joyous space. Joyous
space,
you end up that boat to the place. You listen and reflect it. That is known as interesting devotees
.
So we all have that. Second devotion is desiring devotion. Desiring devotion means now not just
interesting, you're not just interested, but you're desiring. You're actually no more. You have to
explore more. You feel more comfortable. You have to know more, more and more. Even in some cases,
I like to become like that. Having that attitude, having that thought, where it comes from,
very developed, from the interesting devotees, because you're interested, and now interested,
you become stronger in the desire you like to be. You have a desire that you like to be,
not more, and you like to see more. That's called desiring devotion. Third one is trusting
devotees. That is strong. Now many of people can maybe have difficulty with that. You have
definitely,
we all have the interesting devotion. We have the desiring devotion. That is no doubt, that's
what best thing to be here. But this trusting devotion, that is many times, we are like
lingering, many times people sometimes are lingering. That also, if you look at the measurement
of that, and for example, the percentage. If you take the percentage, how much you trust it,
how much you don't trust. So you do this, this is the democratic country. How much you trust it,
percentage, how much you don't trust. If you look, most people who are saying those things,
they definitely trust maybe 50%, 60%, 70%. They really trust it. But maybe they're not 100%.
So therefore, actually you are the meaning of the devotees.
50 and 60 or 51 and 60, 60 and 50. So definitely, we can say, I don't have devotion. You definitely
,
you have devotion. Devotion. So this is because of the, you're interesting because of your, your,
your desiring. That means joy and appreciating. Sometimes I like to know that. And trusting.
And the great master Nirmal Namba added one more after the trusting. The unreturnable devotees.
Unreturnable. That means completely strong now. Strong, unfailable or non-reversible devotees.
That is, many times even we have the devotion, even we trust for a short time,
but it's lingering and it changes. Changes, and then we can completely become different things.
But what the great master Nirmal Namba added, poor, un-non-returnable, non-returnable devotees.
You have that. That individually is definitely going to win what you're practicing.
What you're doing. Because all these achievements, all proponents are dependent on our,
our, how strength we put out to our mind, to the mind. How strength of our mind is put into the,
to the practice of, or to the, to our goal. Cool. It's actually according to you master,
you heard so many times, according to Buddhism, all is created by mind. Ordinarily, and now,
in the future. So when you have that strong, unreversible devotions, definitely you're going
to win. Football exactly as what you're doing. Because of how the mind is 100% behind of that,
this practices, or this goal, or your activities. Activities. This is not just only, also in the,
in the Dharma level, but when you have the trust and confidence, and if you perform some activity
with it, with this kind of gentle and peaceful skillful ways, definitely you're going to
perform the goal in the samsara team. And more balanced skillful. It's not just in the Dharma,
in the samsara, in the world, academic, or world level. If you have the courage and commitment
and confidence, you're going to, you're going to win every, every, every apply the skillful meaning
,
and apart good talent, good, good thought with that. Because of cause in there, conditions there,
you're going to perform. Football, that is the one. And there is one story, ancient times,
very famous, one of the very famous Sanskrit, Sanskrit masters. Sanskrit language is considered
divine language, and there's so many great masters who came, who become expert on Sanskrit.
There is known as Vamsi Pani, Brahma Boy, Boy Vamsi Pani, Pani. Pani, when he was young,
he went to the, to the palm readers, palm readers. And he said, he asked, "Please read my arms."
So this palm reader read the palm, because his desire is he like to become the master of the
language. So he said, "I can be master of the language, man, or Sanskrit language, and palm
reader look the palm and look it, I don't, you can become. You cannot become, because sign and
indication don't make it." And he gets so upset. Why I'm not going to become that? He created his
own palm pen by knife. Amen, whatever he needed to do. He really created one. And he started,
started Sanskrit. He become the one of the most famous Sanskrit master that still echoing his,
his talent, his word, and his expertise on the language, known as Vamsi Pani, Vamsi Pani.
So that is one of the examples, not just the only. When you have that determination,
courage and commitment, applying your wisdom technique, according to that, definitely you
can achieve things. That is what is. So therefore, when we meditate in practice, according to our
degree of devotion, really standing there. Really standing there in the practice. Because practice
in Dharma, meditate in the Dharma, is nothing we are doing, aliens. You can read, you can see,
it's completely laid out, laid out, right in front of us. We explore in the loving kindness,
compassion, versus us. And we are releasing the grasping, clinging, negative emotions,
which is a disturbance, universally proved. This negative emotion is bad. Whether you are a
believer or not a believer, this negative emotion, I don't want everybody to think it's bad, good.
Nobody, I don't want to think that. When you're raging at the video of the negative emotions,
anger, attachment, jealous, hated thoughts, self-importance, sub-spirit thoughts,
if that action turns out, anybody, I don't want to say anything, is great. Great. So we're taking
care of that, removing that, blending, removing that, and bringing up our inner beautiful qualities
.
This is not something that we're doing so to please someone as I said. We're really doing that for
ourselves, for our families, friends. And we like to have peace, for harmony, good friendships.
Times are about loving kindness, compassion. Bar of compassion, what's called? B-A-R, right? Bar.
Raise up the bar of compassion, raise up the bar of loving kindness, raise up bar of the harmony,
then appreciation. We don't have to worry, we don't have to. No, we're not going to,
we're not going to be free, friendless. Definitely, you have bundles of friends. Your telephone,
your telephone is, and this, your iPhone is ringing. Then you will say, "Oh, it's too much.
I have to put up. Oh, I like to be with you. Can I come see you, be with you?" All that, really,
all that. And we have this love and kindness, compassion. This is our inner body, right?
Naturally, everybody is happy because it's so beautiful, so sweet. It's good because it also
is an effort to them because they have that too. It's just an effort. It becomes so natural. It's
natural, not just become natural. So then, it is natural. And natural is bouncing back and nice and
beautiful. And the other hand, if we have negative emotions, it's bouncing like that. Even we want
friendships. Even we have good things, kind of attitude, self-importance, and some of this and
that thing, anything, you know, all these things. And even you want friendship, it's kind of going
to go away quite further and further. I don't like to be with you because a person doesn't mean
uncomfortable, unkind, and his breath, so much emotions, and so much restless status. Why should
it be? That's a really good thing. It's not just total stories. It's true. It's all different with
these colors of our inner beliefs. So to discover this nature, relax, and relax as a jokic. Relax.